princess elsa of arendelle possesses
magical powers that allow her to control
and create ice and snow
often using them to play with her
younger sister anna
after elsa accidentally injures anna
with her magic
their parents the king and queen take
both siblings to a colony of trolls led
by grand pabbie
he heals anna but alters her memories so
that she forgets
about elsa's magic grand pabbie warns
elsa that she must learn to control her
powers
and that fear will be her greatest enemy
the king and queen isolate both sisters
within the castle
closing the castle gates to their
subjects
to protect her sister from her
increasingly unpredictable powers
elsa ceases all contact with anna
creating a rift between them
when the sisters are teenagers their
parents are lost at sea during a storm
following her 21st birthday elsa is to
be crowned queen of arendelle
she is afraid that the kingdom's
citizens might find
out about her powers and fear her the
castle gates open to the public
and visiting dignitaries for the first
time in years
among them are the scheming duke of
wesselton and the dashing prince hans of
the southern isles
with whom anna falls in love at first
sight
elsa's coronation takes place without
incident but she remains distant from
anna
anna and hans develop a romantic
connection during the coronation
festivities
and he impulsively proposes to her but
else of objects when they seek her
blessing
hurt and confused anna protests begging
elsa to explain her fear and isolation
the emotional strain causes elsa to
accidentally unleash her powers before
the court
branded a monster by the duke elsa flees
to the north mountain
where she finally acknowledges her
powers building a nice palace to live a
hermit life
in the process her magic unintentionally
engulfs arendelle in an eternal winter
anna ventures out to find elsa and end
the winter leaving haunts in command
she gets lost collecting supplies at
wandering oaken's shop
she meets an ice man named kristoff and
his reindeer sven
convincing them to take her to the
mountains an
attack by wolves leads to christoph slay
being destroyed
on foot they meet olaf a cheerful
snowman brought to life unknowingly by
elsa
who offers to lead them to her when
anna's horse returns to arendelle
without her
han sets out to find anna and elsa
accompanied by the duke's minions
who have secret orders to kill elsa
breaching the ice palace anna meets elsa
when anna reveals what has become of
arendelle a horrified elsa confesses she
does not know how to undo her magic
her fear causes her powers to manifest
themselves once more
and she accidentally freezes anna's
heart seriously injuring her
elsa then creates a giant snow monster
named marshmallow who chases
anna kristoff and olive away realizing
the effects of elsa's spell on anna
kristoff takes her to the trolls his
adoptive family
grand pabbie reveals that anna will
freeze solid
unless an act of true love reverses the
spell
kristoff races anna back home so hans
can give her true love's kiss
hans and his men reach elsa's palace
defeating marshmallow and capturing elsa
anna is delivered to hans but rather
than kissing her
hans instead reveals that he has
actually been plotting to seize the
throne of arendelle by eliminating both
sisters
hans locks anna in a room to die and
then manipulates the dignitaries into
believing
that elsa killed her but not before they
were married
he orders the queen's execution only to
discover she has escaped her detention
cell bala frees anna and they venture
into the blizzard outside to meet
kristoff
who olive has revealed is in love with
her hans confronts elsa outside
claiming that she killed anna causing
elsa to break down and abruptly stop the
storm
anna spots hans about to kill elsa she
leaps in the way and freezes solid
stopping haunts devastated elsa hugs and
mourns over her sister
who thaws out her heroism constituting
an act of true love
realizing that love is the key to
controlling her magic
elsa ends the winter and gives all of
his own snow flurry to survive the
warmer climate
hans is arrested and exiled from the
kingdom for his attempted assassination
while the duke's trade links with
arendelle are cut off
the sisters are reunited and elsa
promises never
to lock the castle gates again
you